- **Group**: A group is a set equipped with an operation that satisfies closure, associativity, the existence of an identity element, and the existence of an inverse element for every element in the group.
- Denoted by $\{G, *\}$ where $\{*\}$ is any operation $\{+, -, \times, /, ...., etc.\}$ that obeys:
	- *associative law*: $(a \times b) \times c = a \times (b \times c)$
	- *has identity e*: $e \times a = a \times e = a$
	- *has inverse $a^{-1}$*: $a \times a{^-1} = e$
- **Finite Group**: Group with finite no. of elements. They have an "ORDER", which is no.of elements
- **Infinite Group**: Group with infinite no. of elements. They don't have an "ORDER"
- **Abelian Group**: In a group G, if for all a, b $\in$ G such that $a \times b$ = $b \times a$, that group is called Abelian Group. Basically, a group that satisfies the commutative property
- **Cyclic Group**: A group G becomes a cyclic group if there exists an element a $\in$ G, such that every element of G is in the form $a^n$, where n is any integer. The element a is called the generator of G and G is called a cyclic group generated by a.
- A group is cyclic if every element is a power of some fixed element, i.e., b = $a^n$ for some a and every b in group
- *NOTE*: Cyclic group is always abelian group

- **Ring**: A ring is a set with two operations that forms an abelian group under addition, has associative multiplication and satisfies distributive property relating addition and multiplication

- **Field**: It is a special type of ring where every non-zero element has a unique multiplicative inverse, satisfying closure, associativity, commutativity of addition and multiplication, the existence of an additive identity, and the existence of a multiplicative identity ^6c7c65
- *[[Galois Field]]*: A special type of field that has a finite no. of elements
